DBZ-7856 Remove signal offset support for KafkaSignalChannel (#6028)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/signalling.adoc

The `source` channel is enabled by default, because it is required for incremental snapshot signals.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="debezium-signaling-error-handling"]
```

=== Error handling

> All channels, except for the `source`, doesn't have any retry policy.
> This means that is up to you to monitor whenever a signal completed correctly or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the exception of the `source` channel, {prodname} signaling channels do not implement retry policies.
After you initiate a signal, be sure to verify whether it completes successfully.
```
Is there any specific external automatic monitoring mechanism that a user could implement?

The `source` channel is enabled by default, because it is required for incremental snapshot signals.

[id="debezium-signaling-error-handling"]
=== Error handling

With the exception of the `source` channel, {prodname} signaling channels do not implement retry policies.
After you initiate a signal, be sure to verify whether it completes successfully.

> You can set up {link-prefix}:{link-notification}[notification] to monitor the progress of incremental/blocking snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable a connector to automatically report on the the progress of incremental or blocking snapshots by configuring it to send {link-prefix}:{link-notification}[notifications].
```

Author: Done. Thanks for the suggestions.
